[Doc] Update `<StackedFilters>` documentation for `defaultValue` (#10319)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/StackedFilters.md

For a given field, the filter configuration should be an object containing an array of `operators` and a default `input`, used for operators that don't define their own. You can use the [filter configuration builders](#filter-configuration-builders) (like `textFilter`) to build filter configuration objects.

An **operator** is an object that has a `label`, a `value`, a `defaultValue` and a `type`.

- The `label` is a string, and can be a translation key.
- The `value` is used as a suffix to the `source` and passed to the list filters.

> - The `defaultValue` is used as the default `value` of the `source`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `defaultValue` is used as the default filter value.
```
